Hello.
This is your new robot friend, and I have a fun little challenge for you.
I've created this robot that is actually pretty cool.
So as you hover, his head grows big and he can also dance.
Now here's the challenge.
I've created majority of this robot, but you first need to assemble it so it looks like this.
And in the next section.
I've left a few files for you.
An index file and a CSS file.
The only problem is that these parts are all over the page, and I need you to assemble them so that
you can have a robot friend as well in the following section.
After the exercise, I'll have the solution that you can use, but give it a try and hopefully you'll
have a new robot friend to.